he's gonna realize that we're
going like that who did it well
as romance really lands
it's week nine and lantus still
make in rookie mistakes I want
lantz to learn these things
because if he learns them our
whole crew benefits from it we
gotta spread out I know I know
you're not supposed to stop the
lineup and all supposed to be
even without crossovers I know
that you make mistakes we made a
mistake that solution fetch you
gonna shredding I wanna put my
name on all the reals I really
love kids it's three guys real
and I know you guys I know
nobody would ever do it I know
except for me know now I would
never do that all these going to
do is just listen and not yeah
right now I know I know I know
you can do that thing every year
everybody knows that fire me as
you do it I can't teach you
could you let me down
June the most stupid thing I
ever heard of somebody's mouth
this is a happy both happy will
be will be a good direction Paul
you keep talking it over and
over
don't talk to me like that
this I got a friend in me
hollow promise and you exactly I
don't get bothered is easily buy
things on the boat because I
know you have to kind of relax
to make it out there being away
from your family your loved ones
your relatives or friends if you
don't try to control some of
your emotions it's just all
gonna go to hell for 22 hours
yesterday
up to two hours I was at work
when you are treated by down
just how did not think this is
what we see if thousands time
I don't think you hate being
away from his kid yeah you have
to be a certain person who this
i know im getting to the
breaking point I'm sure I'll get
screwed I made you know my but
it is what it is I'll take not
getting paid just to get away
from this catastrophe that he
calls the way Contessa